---
title: Limited use license
comments: Referenced in some project example pages -- easier to have this as a separate doc.
description: Roblox's Limited Use License.
---

ROBLOX CORPORATION

LIMITED USE LICENSE

Roblox, Corporation ("Roblox") is making certain software available for your access and use pursuant to this Limited Use License (the "License").

By downloading, accessing, or using the software and materials (which may include associated data and data sets, models, and documentation) accompanying this License (the "Licensed Software"), you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License. As used herein, "you" means any individual or entity receiving a copy of the Licensed Software, whether directly from Roblox or indirectly through another source.

Access and use of the Licensed Software may require applying for and maintaining an active registration and account with Roblox, the use of which account and associated services (collectively, the "Service") is governed by separate terms (the "Terms of Service").

- **License**. Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with this License (including any applicable Terms of Service), Roblox grants you a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable permission to access and use the Licensed Software during the License Term (defined below) in accordance with applicable documentation, solely (a) for the purpose of internally incorporating the Licensed Software into your larger applications for deployment through the Roblox platform, and (b) in connection with the Roblox products and services for which the Licensed Software was designed (the "Purpose"). You may, in the exercise of the rights under this License, collaborate with other developers that have agreed to be bound by and comply with this License, including by distributing copies of the Licensed Software to such developers.
- **Source Code**. The License granted in Section 1 also includes the right to modify any portion(s) of the Licensed Software provided by Roblox in source code form (the "Licensed Source") and to use such modified versions for the Purpose.
- **Usage Guidelines**. You must not use the Licensed Software to transmit unlawful or otherwise objectionable material, transmit viruses or other harmful computer code, interfere with the performance of the Service or the data contained therein, attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service or networks related to the Service, or interfere with another's use of the Service. You may not access or use the Licensed Software or the Service in connection with any alternative or competitive service, or to otherwise reproduce, emulate, or replace features of the Service. You may not remove any attribution information or proprietary notices of any kind in the Licensed Software. The Licensed Software may use, reference, or rely on materials separately available from Roblox or other sources, and additional terms and conditions may apply to the access and use of any such dependencies.
- **Feedback**. From time to time you may, but are not required to, provide Roblox with feedback regarding the Licensed Software, including by reporting any errors you encounter, providing suggestions for modifications and enhancements, submitting bug fixes, contributions, or other associated code, or other similar submission ("Feedback"). You retain ownership of your rights in Feedback, and in the event that you choose to submit or make available Feedback to Roblox, you hereby irrevocably grant Roblox and its successors an unrestricted, unlimited, worldwide, nonexclusive, transferable, sublicensable, fully paid up, royalty free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license to reproduce, distribute, publicly perform or display, and prepare derivatives of the Feedback, and to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, and import any product or service, and to practice any method disclosed in the Feedback, in any form or manner and without limitation, attribution, or compensation.
  Reservation of Rights. Roblox retains all its right, title, and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to the Licensed Software and derivatives thereof, and nothing herein will be deemed to grant or confer on you any ownership of any such rights, whether expressly, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.
- **DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**. THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITH ALL FAULTS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ROBLOX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THAT IT SHALL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ROBLOX HAVE ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY REASON UNDER THIS LICENSE, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF USE, COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In addition, you agree and understand that the Licensed Software may be provided on an alpha, beta, or other pre-release basis, and Roblox is under no obligation to make any further releases, including any production release, and that any subsequent release may differ from the Licensed Software in any manner Roblox sees fit, including addition, modification, or removal of features and functionality present in the Licensed Software. You acknowledge that the limitations of liability and the disclaimers of warranties and damages set forth herein form an essential basis of the bargain with Roblox and that they will survive and apply even if found to have failed of their essential purpose, to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law.
- **Term and Termination**. This Agreement commences on the date you accept this License and, unless terminated earlier as described below or extended by mutual written agreement, shall terminate upon the later of (a) the License Term specified at the time you access the Licensed Software, or (b) the public release of the production version of the Licensed Software (the "License Term"). Roblox may terminate the License (and your access to the Licensed Software and any associated materials) at any time for any reason or no reason. Any provisions that by their nature or express terms survive expiration or termination of this License will survive any expiration or termination of this License. Your obligations with respect to Confidential Information and Feedback will survive indefinitely, notwithstanding any eventual publication of a commercial or production version of the Licensed Software. Upon expiration or termination of this License for any reason, you must cease using the Licensed Software, and return or destroy copies of any Licensed Software or Licensed Source (and derivatives thereof) or other Confidential Information in your possession.
